So let's make sure and go back to the AWS Free Tier page here,
scroll down, and take a look at a few of the services that
we'll be working with inside of AWS.
We can use this to get more detailed information about
what's included in the Free Tier, forever, and what's
included only for a set period of time.
If we select the 12 Months Free, we can scroll through some of the
services that are only included for 12 months.
Now, among these different services is Amazon S3,
which we'll be using somewhat in this course to store files and information.
So, after 12 months,
the files and information that we do store in S3 might start costing us
a little bit of money in order to keep them there.
So if you're not comfortable with that,
be sure to go back and delete the files after you've
finished the examples inside of AWS.
Now,
all the files that I'll be having you load into S3 probably won't
cost you more than a penny or two per month to actually store
there, so you don't have to worry too much.
But it is important to realize that this Free Tier does expire after 12 months.
Now, for other services that aren't S3, for example,
for DynamoDB and AWS Lambda, we'll be able to use those in
perpetuity up to certain thresholds.
For AWS Lambda, we'll have up to a million requests per month for free and
up to 3.2 million seconds of compute time per month.
What this ends up meaning is that we can use about a
million requests per month as long as they don't go over 3
seconds in the runtime length.
Or we could have some fluctuation in those requests,
as long as they're generally staying underneath an average
of 3.2 seconds. For Amazon DynamoDB,
which we'll be using later, we can have 25 GB of data stored in Amazon DynamoDB.
However,
we can only have 25 provisioned read and write
capacity units for DynamoDB tables.
This means that we'll be able to handle actually a pretty
significant amount of requests coming in and out, about 200
million per month. Now while most things I'll be doing inside of
this course will be within the Free Tier,
especially the 12 Months Free Free Tier, you can learn more about
each service's pricing if you click through to that service's home
page and read up on the pricing section.
So now that we understand how all this works and how to double check
what we're doing before we create services inside of AWS, let's go
back to the AWS Management Console and set up our console here for a
little bit easier use later on.
The first thing we want to do is make sure that we're in
the correct region for this course.
Now, for all of my examples, I'll be doing things inside of us‑east‑1,
Northern Virginia.
This will be the default region that I've created
and been placed in, but for you, if you're in a different part of the world,
you might end up using different regions, or AWS might have
put you by default in another region.
The most important part about this is how you set up your AWS account
and your command line interface. Because I'm in the us‑east‑1 region
right now, if I create resources in this region in the AWS console, and
then I use something like the SDKs or the command line to then create
resources in a different region, they might not always interact the way
I expect, and they probably won't notice each other in those separate regions.
So be sure that you're picking a region and sticking
with it throughout this course.
If you want to just follow along with me,
I'd suggest you stick in US East in Northern Virginia.
There are implications though.
If you want to build real applications that serve real users,
you're probably going to want to put your applications
in a region closer to those users.
So if you have a bunch of people that you're working
with in Seattle on the west Coast,
you might end up wanting to use the US West Oregon region, or
maybe the US West Northern California region.
Either one of those would probably be closer to your users
than the Northern Virginia region, or another region in a
completely different part of the world.
So now that you know how to make sure you're in the right region and you
understand what those regions are for, let's go over to the Services
drop‑down here and take a look at some of the AWS services. Now, we'll be
working with a variety of services inside of AWS,
and there's a lot of different groups of these services,
ranging from Compute to Storage to Machine Learning, and everything in between.
If we wanted to find a particular service by name,
we could look at the A‑Z listing of all these services, or
we could click on this search bar here and search for a
particular service like Lambda.
But to make things easier for ourselves and to just get
started inside of the AWS console,
we can actually close out of this here and pin some of the
services we want to the top of the menu bar here.
This will also be a great opportunity just to get an idea for the level
of AWS services that are actually included in AWS.
Now,
of course we'll be using AWS Lambda, so let's grab that and
put that in the top, but we'll also be using services like
Identity and Access Management, or IAM, so let's grab that too.
We'll be using IAM in order to create roles and policies and attach
them to our Lambda functions so they can take actions on other
services. Some of those services will include things like the Amazon
Simple Email Service, or SES,
and we'll be using that to send email from our Lambda
functions, so let's put that up there too.
Now, we'll also be using the Systems Manager Service, so let me
scroll down here and bring that up to the top.
This will be used as part of the Systems Manager called the Parameter
Store to actually save some API keys from Twitter and use them in our
Lambda functions in a secure manner.
Now later in the course, we'll be creating a serverless framework
project that utilizes the API Gateway to create HTTP APIs. So let's
grab that service too and put it up in the top is well. Now that
same project will also use the DynamoDB service to store data inside
of a DynamoDB table.
So let's throw that up at the top too.
Now that we're done with this, we can click the pin icon again,
and we should have a few of these different icons up to the top.
Now if I scroll out a little further,
you'll see that I can actually see all of the different
icons and their text, but I'll show you how to reconfigure
some of this in another video.
So congratulations! You've already created an AWS account and learned how to
make sure that you're in the right region in your AWS account,
as well as reviewing some of the services we'll be using in this
course and pin them to the top of your menu bar in the AWS console.
In the next videos, we'll learn how to create Lambda functions and work with all these services, so I'll see you there.